feat: Add Hint as component and Label and FieldSet props (#1499)
Amsterdam/design-system: storybook/src/components/FieldSet/FieldSet.docs.mdx

## Examples

> ### With Description

Reviewer: We chose sentence case for headings in #1565. Only component names in headings still start with uppercase letters, but `Description` is not a component.

```suggestion
### With description
```

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.WithDescription} />

> ### With Hint Marking Field Set As Required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### With Hint
```

A Field Set can indicate whether all of the inputs it contains are optional or required.

> Make sure to add a `required` or `aria-required="true"` attribute to <em>all</em> form element in this Field Set.

Reviewer 2: We don't recommend native validation, right?

```suggestion
Make sure to add `aria-required="true"` to <em>all</em> form elements in the Field Set when they are required. 
```

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.WithDescription} />

> ### With Not Required Label

Reviewer: We can use ‘Optional’ instead of ‘Not Required’ in our docs and code. Just not for users.

And in this case, ‘Optional’ is enough instead of ‘With Optional Label’.

> A Field Set can indicate whether all of the inputs it contains are <em>not</em> required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Field Set can indicate whether values for all its inputs are optional.
```

Make sure to <em>not</em> add a `required` or `aria-required="true"` attribute to <em>any</em> form element in this Field Set.

> Also never set either the `aria-required` attribute on a field set that is not of the `role="radiogroup"` (see: [Radio Group](#radio-group)).

Reviewer: Not sure what this must convey; can you rephrase?

Author: Removed the sentence and changed the text at the Radio group story.

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.WithValidation} />

> ### Radio Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Radio group
```

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.WithValidation} />

> ## Radio Group

Author: ```suggestion
### Radio Group
```

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.RadioGroup} />

### Radio Group With Not Required Label

> A Field Set with a radio button group can also indicate whether all of the radio inputs it contains are <em>not</em> required.

Reviewer: We decided to use ‘Radio’ everywhere in another PR, not ‘radio input’ or ‘radio button’.

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.RadioGroup} />

> ### Radio Group With Hint Marking Group As Optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Radio group with Hint
```

A Field Set with a Radio group can also indicate whether all of the radios it contains are <em>not</em> required.
Make sure to add the `required` or `aria-required="true"` attribute to <em>any</em> samely named Radios in this Field Set.

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.RadioGroupWithHint} />

> ### Radio Group With Validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Radio group with validation
```

A Field Set with a Radio group can also have a validation error.
In this case, connect the Error Message to the Field Set instead of an input.
Add an `aria-describedby` attribute to the Field Set and provide the `id` of Error Message as its value.

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.RadioGroupWithValidation} />

> ### Checkbox Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Checkbox group
```

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.RadioGroup} />

### Radio group with Hint

A Field Set with a Radio group can also indicate whether all of the radios it contains are <em>not</em> required.
Make sure to add the `required` or `aria-required="true"` attribute to <em>any</em> samely named Radios in this Field Set.

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.RadioGroupWithHint} />

> 

Reviewer 2: Is this story necessary? It isn't really any different from the 'With Hint' story, right?

Author: Removed

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.CheckboxGroup} />

Note that you should not make a Field Set containing inputs of `type="checkbox"` required.

> 

Reviewer 2: This is a little confusing. You should set `aria-required` on all Checkboxes in a group that is required. You shouldn't use `required` at all. I'd remove this sentence.

Author: Removed

<Canvas of={FieldSetStories.CheckboxGroup} />

Note that you should not make a Field Set containing inputs of `type="checkbox"` required.

> ### Checkbox Group With Validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Checkbox group with validation
```
